Add Python client helper for easier usage. (#2028)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/pr-2028.md

level: minor
reference: issue 2028
---

> Add a Python client helper to ease integration into customers projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Taskcluster Python client now has helper classes to ease integration into customers' projects.
```
